Drew requests jun22 (#111)
webb-tools/webb-docs: pages/docs/glossary.mdx

This glossary defines and explains Webb ecosystem specific concepts and terminology.

## Accepted Proposal

A proposal in which voting has concluded affirmatively, but the signature remains pending.

## Acknowledge Proposal

A proposal that has been voted for in favor.

## Active DKG Public Key

The public key of the DKG protocol that is currently active.

## Active Nomination

A validator (or validators) that a nominator has selected to nominate and is actively validating this era. The nominator is placing their stake behind this validator for this era and will potentially receive staking rewards in return for doing so.

## Active Proposal

A proposal in which voting is ongoing.

## Anchor

> `Anchor`s are augmented nodes that possess graph-like data structures and functionality; that is, they can be connected and have edges. Users interact with Anchors through a deposit/withdraw API. To deposit into a Webb Anchor, a user generates a hashed commitment and submits this to the Anchor's merkle tree for insertion. The commitment contains the chainID of the chain they wish to withdraw on as well as some secret data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Anchor`s are augmented nodes that possess graph-like data structures and functionality; that is, they can be connected and have edges. Users interact with Anchors through a deposit/transfer/withdraw API. To deposit into a Webb Anchor, a user generates a hash commitment and submits this for insertion in the Anchor's merkle tree. The commitment contains the chainID of the chain they wish to withdraw on as well as some secret data.
```
